# Terms of Service of LiveStatus PRO

## Welcome to LiveStatus Pro services!

Important: Before you (hereinafter alternatively referred to as "User") start reading and decide whether to accept the Terms of Service of LiveStatus Pro (hereinafter referred to as "This Agreement" or "Pro Agreement") and pay to sign up for the LiveStatus Pro services (hereinafter alternatively referred to as "Pro Services"), you are specially advised to read carefully and pay attention to the bolded text in This Agreement. Minors under the age of 13 shall read This Agreement carefully and decide whether to accept This Agreement under the supervision of their guardians, and purchase and use Pro services under the guidance and supervision of their guardians.If you have any questions about This Agreement, or cannot accept This Agreement in whole or in part, or need to provide feedback to LiveStatus company (including suggestions, complaints, whistleblowing, etc.) in your use, you can contact us at:
Email: livestatus.widget@gmail.com

### I. Description of Pro Services:

1. Pro: shall mean a User who has completed all the procedures for purchasing Pro and, subject to their compliance with This Agreement, receives Pro services provided by LiveStatus during the valid membership term.
2. Pro Agreement: This Agreement is a supplementary agreement to such platform rules as LiveStatus Terms of Service and the LiveStatus Personal Information Protection Policy.This Agreement is an integral part of the foregoing agreements with equal legal effect. If This Agreement conflicts with the foregoing agreements, this Agreement shall prevail and, for anything not mentioned in This Agreement, the foregoing agreements shall apply.
3. Pro service rules: shall mean the agreements, announcements, page descriptions, notices, FAQs, discounts, among others, that have been or will be released from time to time by LiveStatus in connection with Pro services. The above content becomes effective as soon as it is published, and all constitute an integral part of this Agreement.
4. LiveStatus company and its affiliates may update This Agreement at any time based on their own judgments on business, laws and policies and other matters; and we will not reduce your legal rights under This Agreement without your express consent.

### II. Pro member rights and interests and related matters:

1. Exclusive materials: shall mean the relevant materials and information provided by LiveStatus for Pro members that have been built or will be built into LiveStatus, including but not limited to original status, no watermark, which are exclusive for Pro members.
2. Exclusive functions: shall contain the functions provided by LiveStatus for Pro members that have already been or will be built into LiveStatus, and are exclusive for Pro members.
3. Offers: LiveStatus may, depending on the actual operating condition, offer extensions, benefit upgrades and discount promotions, among others, to users who have or have not signed up for Pro at different stages. The specific offers are subject to the particulars advised by LiveStatus on the relevant service page. If you are a user who meets the aforementioned conditions, you shall be entitled to the above offers.
4. LiveStatus may make modifications in part to the above member rights and interests based on such factors as changes in laws, regulations and policies, and its own operating strategies, including but not limited to adjusting or removing exclusive materials and exclusive functions, and changing preferential policies, among others.

### III. Fees and cancellation related matters

1. Payment method: Pro services are on a paid basis. You may pay membership fees through third-party payment channels such as iOS in-app purchase.
2. Refund: the Pro is a prepaid online, intangible product. The membership fee is the online product price corresponding to the services you purchase as a member, rather than any advance payment or deposit, bond or savings card, among others. Therefore, you understand and agree that you will be deemed to, upon successful purchase of the Pro, have used this product. Your Pro services will not be returned or replaced, unless under special circumstances.
3. Fee rate: The fee rate shall be determined independently by LiveStatus company based on the Company's operating costs and operating strategies after comprehensive considerations (adjustments may include but are not limited to promotions and price increases), and will be shown to you on the relevant product service promotion and payment page; if at the time of your purchase and renewal, the relevant payment method changes, the payment method practically accepted by the LiveStatus company shall prevail; and if the price of any related service is adjusted, the current effective price published on the LiveStatus company platform shall prevail (except as otherwise agreed by and betweenLiveStatus company and you). You agree that by continuing your operations (including but not limited to clicking to agree, or continuing to purchase, or completing payment, or using Pro services), you will be deemed to have understood and agreed to the changed payment method and fee rate.
4. Subscription term:
The User shall have the option to subscribe for 1 month, 3 months or 1 year.
5. Automatic renewal rules:
(1) Automatic renewal is a service that has been introduced to address the need of a user for automatic renewal and payment at the time they sign up for Pro services, against any failure to renew in time due to negligence or other reasons. Users can choose whether to activate automatic renewal. If they do, they will be deemed to have agreed to authorize Livestatus to issue debit instructions following the debit rules of the third-party payment channel when the subscription is soon to expire, for fees of the next term to be debited from the account without verifying member account password, payment password, SMS verification code and other information.
(2) The User's authorization to LiveStatus of direct debit is valid for an infinite term, unless deactivated by the User.
(3) LiveStatus will perform direct debit one day before the expiration of Pro member services. If your third-party account balance is insufficient to cover the fees for the next term of Pro member services, LiveStatus will perform a second direct debit at any time on the same day of the first failed direct debit attempt. If your third-party account balance is still insufficient to cover the fees for the next term of Pro services at the time of the second direct debit, LiveStatus will automatically stop providing Pro services upon expiration of the subscription term. You will be responsible for any risk and/or loss of failure to renew due to insufficient available balance in the foregoing.
(4) The date of direct debit for automatic renewal shall fall on the day before the expiration of the subscription term (That means, if the subscription date is 29 March, the date of direct debit for the next term will be 28 April (for monthly subscription), 28 June (for quarterly subscription), and 28 March the following year (for annual subscription). Once upon successful debit, LiveStatus will sign you up for the Pro services corresponding to this billing cycle. However, for Android users, if their renewal starts prior to the 28th day (inclusive), their direct debit date will be the corresponding day of the next term, and if their renewal starts after the 28th day, their direct debit date will be the 28th day of the next term. For example, if the renewal starts on 29 March, the direct debit date of the next term will be 28 April (for monthly subscription), 28 June (for quarterly subscription), and 28 March the following year (for annual subscription).
(5)LiveStatus hereby reminds you that the amount of the Pro service fee you paid for this billing cycle is based on the automatic renewal rate agreed upon with LiveStatus when you signed up for Pro services: however, in cases where LiveStatus is on a campaign or has otherwise agreed with you, your relevant agreement with LiveStatus shall apply. At the same time, if you unsubscribed and signed up for Pro services again, the amount of the Pro service fee that you pay for this billing cycle shall be based on the automatic renewal rate agreed withLiveStatus at your re-signup.
6. Method for deactivation of automatic renewal:
(1) iOS users: Please open Settings on your phone and tap your profile photo to see your Apple ID settings. Tap Subscriptions and choose to cancel your LiveStatus subscription. Please note that the cancellation should be done at least 24 hours prior to the auto-renewal deduction, or the subscription may remain valid and you may be charged.
5. **For iOS user, we are using the [standard Apple Terms of Use (EULA)](https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/dev/stdeula/).**

### IV. Intellectual property statement:

The intellectual property rights in and to any exclusive materials and customized functions provided by Pro services belong to LiveStatus company, its licensors or affiliates, and that LiveStatus company and its affiliates licenses you to use such materials and functions shall under no circumstances be regarded as a transfer of part or all of its intellectual property rights to you. Any materials that you download and use as part of the Pro services via LiveStatus shall be only for your personal entertainment, study, research or appreciation. They cannot be used for any commercial purposes without the written consent of LiveStatus company.

### V. Suspension and termination of Pro services:

If you have objections to the contents of these rules modified byLiveStatus, or if you are not satisfied with the Pro services provided by LiveStatus company, you can either voluntarily suspend or terminate the Pro services, by not paying for renewal when due and taking the initiative to cancel the subscription, among other means.